Cloud connector deployment guides (#3355)
elastic/docs-content: solutions/security/cloud/asset-disc-azure.md

4. Select **Azure**, then either **Azure Organization** to onboard your whole organization, or **Single Subscription** to onboard an individual subscription.
5. Give your integration a name that matches the purpose or team of the Azure subscription/organization you want to monitor, for example, `dev-azure-account`.
6. In **Deployment options**, select **Agentless**.

> 7. Next, you’ll need to authenticate to Azure. Two methods are available:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Next, you’ll need to authenticate to Azure. The following methods are available:
```
